# COMP426FinalProject

Marlee Walls and Mary Green

Idea:
Our website will display a list of ingredients that will be categorized by food groups. From this list, people can select what ingredients they have at home and the website will provide them with a few recipes that they can make based on the ingredients they selected.  If you do not have all of the ingredients to make one of the recipes in the database, the recipes with the highest amount of ingredients inputted will be shown. It will also let you know which ingredients you would still need in order to have everything for each recipe. Therefore, our website will provide a service of suggesting recipes while helping solve the problem of food waste by promoting using the food you already have in your house instead of going out and buying more. While making this website, we will first consider user experience to make sure our product is intuitive and easy to use. We will also keep accessibility in mind to ensure people of all abilities will be able to use our service. 

Functionality Requirements:
Our website will include a user registration and login page that will also record information about the dietary restrictions of that user, if any. When the user creates an account, their information will be stored in a backend database so that the user is remembered and can log in the next time they visit without going through the account creation process again. The user will be able to update their account information or delete their account at any time. The user will be able to utilize an HTML input field with autocomplete suggestions to filter out recipes by inputted ingredient(s). The user will also be able to click through ingredient suggestions alphabetically, for which we will implement debouncing. Our website will dynamically access our backend to display recipes to the user which align with their ingredients (recipes and ingredients will both be stored in a database). If the user has a recipe or ingredient(s) not included in our database, they will be able to add these items so that future users may benefit. This will hopefully result in up-to-date information sustained by users. We will also utilize an API, make our site accessible on the web, and ensure our design is compatible with chromium-based browsers. 
